---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/deStrO/eBot-CSGO
---

#title
IN GAME [CONTROLLER]{.text-primary}.
AFTERMATCH ANALYZER

#description
Find out how to install or use eBot for your tournaments, and gain access to the power of eBot

#extra
  ::list
  - Docker
  - Linux (Debian/Ubuntu)
  - Windows (Guide will be released soon)
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=ph:lightning-bold}
  #title
  100% performance
  #description
  The power of eBot comes from its roots: it doesn't run directly on the game server.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ph:globe-simple-bold}
  #title
  LAN & Online
  #description
  eBot can be installed on your online or LAN servers, allowing you to run your tournaments smoothly.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ph:chart-line-bold}
  #title
  Advanced statistics
  #description
  While the players are competing, eBot will listen and record all statistics of the matches.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ph:gear-bold}
  #title
  Simple as RCON
  #description
  eBot connects to servers only via RCON. That's the only requirement!
  ::

  ::card{icon=ph:puzzle-piece-bold}
  #title
  Extensible
  #description
  With the plugin system, eBot allows you to write custom code to interact with the match without modifying the main code.  
  ::

  ::card{icon=ph:stamp-bold}
  #title
  Valve approved.
  #description
  eBot is an official tool recommended by Valve to run your tournament. That's all.
  ::
::
