# In-game commands

Here are the in-game commands for the players

## When you want 

- **!help** : Displays the available commands
- **!stats** : Sends the match statistics (number of kills, K/D ratio, HS ratio, ...)
- **!morestats** : Sends the detailed statistics, such as the number of First Kills, of 1vX, of kills per round, etc ...
- **!status** : Displays the match status
- **!score** : Sends the match scores

## During warmup

- **!ready**/**.ready** : Tells the bot the team is ready. When the 2 teams are ready, the match is started
- **!notready**/**.notready**/**!unready**/**.unready** : Tells the bot the team is not ready anymore.

## During knife round

- **!restart** : Tells the bot your team wants the knife round to be restarted. The restart of the knife round is possible only if the opponent team agrees.

## After knife round

At the end of the knife round, the winning team MUST tell eBot which side they would like to start on. This is done by either staying or switching. After selection, eBot will automaticaly set the players to the correct side.

- **!stay**/**.stay** : Stay on the current side
- **!switch**/**.switch** : Switch sides

## During the match
- **!stop**/**.stop** : Tells that your team wants the match to be stopped. The match stop is only possible if the other team agrees. The other team must also write **!stop**/**.stop** to stop the match. The match stop makes the server go back to the previous state (warmup).
- **!pause**/**.pause**: Signals that your team wants a break. The match pause is only possible if the other team agrees. They should write **!pause**/**.pause** in their turn to pause the match. The pause will take effect immediately or at the beginning of the next round, depending on the configuration.
- **!unpause**/**.unpause**: Signals that your team wants to remove the pause.

## If map veto is enabled
- **!map [map_name]** : Select the map. Both teams have to write the same map.
