# Getting Started

Before installing **[eBot]{.text-primary}**, you must understand some core concepts of the setup and the game.

## What is **[eBot]{.text-primary}** ?

::list
- CS2 (and previously CS:GO) match manager
- Uses only RCON to connect to the server
- Listens to logs via HTTP only
- Allows players interaction through chat commands
- Provides statistics for the match / tournament
- Uses a plugin "CSay" to provide more RCON utilities
- Can be installed on a different server than the game server
::


## What isn't **[eBot]{.text-primary}** ?

::list{type="danger"}
- A server plugin
- Single match manager
::

## Architecture

**[eBot]{.text-primary}** is composed of 3 separate parts:

- The main application: This is the brain. It connects to the server, parses the logs and manages the match.
- The logs-receiver: It collects the logs from the game servers and then dispatches to a queue.
- The web application: This is where you can create matches, control them or simply check the statistics.

Those 3 parts are split into 3 differents projects for now:

- [eBot-CSGO](https://github.com/deStrO/eBot-CSGO)
- [ebot-project](https://github.com/deStrO/ebot-project)
- [eBot-CSGO-Web](https://github.com/deStrO/eBot-CSGO-Web)

Currently, eBot dispatches the logs to a redis queue.

The logs-receiver (ebot-project) can be run on a different server from the eBot server if desired.

## RCON & logs

**[eBot]{.text-primary}** is simple: it just connects to your game server via RCON, and knows what happens on the server by the logs.

Your CS2 server only needs to be reachable from **[eBot]{.text-primary}**, and your CS2 server must be able to reach your logs-receiver. 
There are no more complex setup due to UDP forwarding or pain with IP mapping, **[eBot]{.text-primary}** send the logs with the IP of the server.
